# This file contains some key notes and implementations.

1. We use a simple MLP to perform dimension transformation for node embedding. 
   For example, we map GIANT (768) to Llama-7b embedding size (4096).
   Such an MLP can also be viewed as a semantic adapter that transform the original numerical node embedding into the LLM's semantic space.

2. For tokenization, it is worth noting that we didn't expand the tokenizer.
   i.e. We don't add new node token for the tokenizer, such an implementation is not scalable since it will seriously slow down the tokenization process.
   Instead, we use a fixed special token '<extra_id_0>' as a place holder during tokenization.
   '<extra_id_0>' will occupy all the positions of node tokens in the natural language text while real node token IDs are recorded accordingly.
   Then the encoded input_ids will be correctly modified according to the real node IDs, such an engineering operation can greatly speed up the pipeline, especially when the graph is large.
   Details can be founded in arxiv.py where the graph structure description sentences are formed.

3. In terms of the instruction tuning: 
   For Arxiv & Pubmed, we achieve the best results by firstly double the node example per epoch and perform graph-free tuning for 2 epochs with lr 8e-5,
   then we select the best one via validation and further add self-supervised prompts and multi-hop structure description prompts for 2 more epochs training with lr 3e-5.
   However, for Cora we find that fuse graph-free prompt/ multi-hop structure prompts/ link prediction prompts from the very beginning of training will converge to the best results.

4. For Flan-t5 series models (fine-tune), we extend both the input embedding vocabulary and the final lm_head, thus Flan-t5 supports both generative and discriminative link prediction prompts.
   For Llama-7b (LoRA), we only extend the input embedding vocabulary (i.e. first_model), thus llama-7b only supports discriminative link prediction prompts.

5. For checkpoint saving and loading in Llama, we provide 2 different ways and corresponding checkpoint. 
   If the single GPU memory is smaller than 25G, the way we explicitly code in the existing files can help avoid CUDA out of memory.

6. We provide *.sh files to perform training/inference in ./scripts
   In addition to the tunable args in the *.sh files, 
   it is also convenient to select the prompts used for training/val/test via the consoles in main_worker function in pretrain.py
   and control the example amount for a single epoch & the example distribution ratio between different types of prompts in arxiv.py (grouped by task type & hop-level).